Modifications to build profile documentation (#990)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/CLI/build_profiles.md

### Develop

- Small and fast code.
- Full error information. For example, asserts have file name and line number.
- Hard to follow code flow when using a debugger.
- Chip goes to sleep when idle:
   - Debugger is likely to drop connection.
   - Breaks the local file system on the [Arm Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

### Debug

- Largest and slowest performance.
- Full error information. For example, asserts have file name and line number.
- Easy to step through code with a debugger.
- Disabled sleep mode.

### Release

- Smallest code size and still fast.
- Minimal error information.
- Chip goes to sleep when going idle:
   - Debugger is likely to drop connection.
   - Breaks the local file system on the [Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

### User-defined build profile

> As mentioned above, the __build profile__ defines the set of flags that is guaranteed to be passed to the underlying compiler suite. You can also create a custom or user-defined __build profile__ using a JSON file acording to the __build profile__ format mentioned in [JSON build profile format](#JSON-build-profile-format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, the __build profile__ defines the set of flags that is passed to the underlying compiler suite. You can also create a custom or user-defined __build profile__ using a JSON file according to the __build profile__ format mentioned in [JSON build profile format](#JSON-build-profile-format).
```

Author: Good catch.

> These flags stored in the JSON file may also be merged with other JSON files of the same structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These flags stored in the JSON file are merged with other JSON files of the same structure when multiple `--profile` arguments are passed on the command line.
```

   - Breaks the local file system on the [Arm Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

### Debug

- Largest and slowest performance.
- Full error information. For example, asserts have file name and line number.
- Easy to step through code with a debugger.
- Disabled sleep mode.

### Release

- Smallest code size and still fast.
- Minimal error information.
- Chip goes to sleep when going idle:
   - Debugger is likely to drop connection.
   - Breaks the local file system on the [Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

### User-defined build profile

As mentioned above, the __build profile__ defines the set of flags that is guaranteed to be passed to the underlying compiler suite. You can also create a custom or user-defined __build profile__ using a JSON file acording to the __build profile__ format mentioned in [JSON build profile format](#JSON-build-profile-format).

These flags stored in the JSON file may also be merged with other JSON files of the same structure.

#### JSON build profile format

The __build profiles__ are JSON files with the root object containing key-value pairs for each supported toolchain, such as `GCC_ARM`.

> Each key, representing the toolchain, contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that should be passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.

Reviewer: The key does not contain a mapping. If anything that's the value. 
```suggestion
Each key is a toolchain name and every value contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that should be passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

<h2 id="build-profiles">Build profiles</h2>

> Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three collections of toolchain flags used during the build. These are __build profiles__. These are collections of toolchain flags used during the build. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When building from Arm Mbed CLI, you may select the __build profile__ by passing your desired build profile, by name or path, to the __--profile__ argument.

Reviewer: Remove the redundant sentence, use code format for code.

```suggestion
Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three collections of toolchain flags used during the build. These are __build profiles__.  The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When building from Arm Mbed CLI, you may select the __build profile__ by passing your desired build profile, by name or path, to the `--profile` argument.
```

Author: @AnotherButler - What do you think of @theotherjimmy suggestion? Wanted to check with you as you had that modified little bit.

Reviewer 2: @SenRamakri I'm fine with this, but I can't click the "commit suggestion" button. I think there's a bug. Feel free to do so yourself, or I can make the changes to your PR manually.

Author: @AnotherButler - Thanks for confirming, and I'll make the modifications along with other review comments fixes.

> Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three build configurations, each of which is known as a `build profile`. These are collections of toolchain flags used during the build. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When  building from Arm Mbed CLI, you can select the build configuration by adding the `--profile <`**build profile** `name>` flag. You can also specify custom- or user-defined configurations by giving the path to the JSON file defining the build configuration.

Reviewer: Why use the term "build configuration" only once to define "build profile". This seems like it would only add to the confusion.

> Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three build configurations, each of which is known as a `build profile`. These are collections of toolchain flags used during the build. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When  building from Arm Mbed CLI, you can select the build configuration by adding the `--profile <`**build profile** `name>` flag. You can also specify custom- or user-defined configurations by giving the path to the JSON file defining the build configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three collections of toolchain flags used during the build. These are build profiles. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When  building from Arm Mbed CLI, you can select the build configuration by adding the `--profile <`**build profile** `name>` flag. You can also specify custom- or user-defined configurations by giving the path to the JSON file defining the build configuration.
```

> Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three collections of toolchain flags used during the build. These are __build profiles__. These are collections of toolchain flags used during the build. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When building from Arm Mbed CLI, you can select the build configuration by adding the `--profile <`__build profile__ `name>` flag. You can also specify custom- or user-defined configurations by giving the path to the JSON file defining the build configuration.

Reviewer: Remove redundant definition and "build configuration" or "configuration" -> "build profile":
```suggestion
Arm Mbed OS 5 defines three collections of toolchain flags used during the build. These are __build profiles__. The three build profiles are *develop*, *debug* and *release*. The Mbed Online Compiler uses the *develop* build profile. When building from Arm Mbed CLI, you can select the build profile by adding the `--profile <`__build profile__ `name>` flag. You can also specify custom- or user-defined build profiles by giving the path to the JSON file defining the build profile.
```

Further, I'm not sure I like
> by adding the `--profile <`__build profile__ `name>` flag.

I would instead write something like 
> you may select the build profile by passing your desired build profile, by name or path, to the `--profile` argument.

Reviewer 2: Apparently, I don't have permissions to push to this repository when using the "commit this suggestion" button, but I can make the changes directly?

### Develop

- Small and fast code.
- Full error information. For example, asserts have file name and line number.
- Hard to follow code flow when using a debugger.
- Chip goes to sleep when idle:
   - Debugger is likely to drop connection.
   - Breaks the local file system on the [Arm Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

### Debug

- Largest and slowest performance.
- Full error information. For example, asserts have file name and line number.
- Easy to step through code with a debugger.
- Disabled sleep mode.

### Release

- Smallest code size and still fast.
- Minimal error information.
- Chip goes to sleep when going idle:
   - Debugger is likely to drop connection.
   - Breaks the local file system on the [Mbed interface](../introduction/index.html) on some boards.

> ### User-defined

Reviewer 2: User-defined what?

Author: Fixed by adding "build profile", please review.

> As mentioned above, the `build profile` defines the set of flags that is guaranteed to be passed to the underlying compiler suite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, the build profile defines the set of flags that is guaranteed to be passed to the underlying compiler suite.
```

These flags are stored in a JSON file that may be merged with other JSON files of the same structure.

#### JSON build profile format

> The JSON object that represents toolchain configurations for mapping each supported toolchains, such as `GCC_ARM`, to their flags, like `-O3`.

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence lost a subject. Also, "like" should probably be "such as", unless it can't be -03. ("Like" means similar to but not including, and "such as" means similar to and including.)

Author: @AnotherButler - I made some changes to clarify the questions, please review again.

> The JSON object that represents toolchain configurations for mapping each supported toolchains, such as `GCC_ARM`, to their flags, such as `-O3`.

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is still missing something. We're saying something about the JSON object that represents configurations, but I don't know what we're saying about it. Maybe we just lost a verb somewhere?

Author: @AnotherButler - I just modified this sentence. Please see if that fixes the overall sentence.

Reviewer 2: LGTM, thanks 👍

Author: @AnotherButler - Great, and Thanks for the quick review.

> The __build profiles__ are implemented as JSON files with the root object representing toolchain configurations for mapping each supported toolchains, such as `GCC_ARM`, to their flags, such as `-O3`.

Reviewer: Build profiles are not implemented. Build profile _are_ JSON files. What does "toolchain configurations mean"? can we just say that they are a JSON object with a key for each toolchain?
```suggestion
The __build profiles__ are JSON files with a root object representing toolchain configurations for mapping each supported toolchains, such as `GCC_ARM`, to their flags, such as `-O3`.
```

or 

```suggestion
__build profiles__ are JSON files that map each supported toolchain, such as `GCC_ARM`, to their flags, such as `-O3`.
```

> Each toolchain to be supported has an object in the root object. This object contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that should be passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.

Reviewer 2: Does "This object" in the second sentence refer to the root object or the object in the root object? Please clarify.

> The structure is as follows: each toolchain to be supported has a dictionary in the root dictionary. This dictionary contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that should be passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.

Reviewer: could we change all "dictionary" to "object" to match the JSON spec?

> Each toolchain to be supported is represented by a child object in the JSON root object. Each child object contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that should be passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.

Reviewer: "Each toolchain to bu supported" is awkward to me. How about:

```suggestion
In a __build profile__, the root JSON object maps supported toolchains to their child object. Each child object contains a mapping from a flag type to a list of flags that is passed to the corresponding part of the compiler suite.
```

#### Example

> An example of a `build profile`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of a build profile:
```
